For a long time Ive been thinking how can the US be a super country among the world for such a long time. Now it seems I have found an important reason, which is the US government keeps supporting other countries evil enemies, which helps stop the country from developing smoothly. It is smart, I have to say, but it is also very ugly. 
As to 1989 Tiananmen Event. I think everyone holds their own opinions. It has passed 25 years. What the rest of the world should do is keep re-thinking and avoid the same thing from happening, rather than increase the hate and bad emotions
The US government should really worry about themselves, rather than interfere other countries internal affairs. Ive been to China a lot of times. People are not like what the victims of 1989 had told the world. The Chinese think they are free and live in a happy life, although they may have some financial problems. They told me they Cherish the chance of living in a peace and safe environment. Why the US makes that statement? Its really not their business.
The U.S. governments attitude towards Iraq would indicate the freedoms and rights are to rely on guns? Does that mean the U.S. leaving from Afghanistan the country ushered in the rights and freedoms inherent? What the United States rely on to maintain the so-called universal rights and freedoms? Blamed on his way? So far the U.S. military occupation of Japan is proof of freedom and universal rights of Japanese from the U.S. military to protect, maybe not, this happiness and freedom from monitoring by the United States?
The United States, I wanted to warn you that you don't always wanted to be a world leader, and dont blame others. When you are talking about freedom, please think it over that you have been occupied the first Afghanistan, and control our great imperial Japan, so please give us your free!
In view of the situation in Ukraine, the United States has been interference lead to local failure, now, the United States is going into the intervention sanctions against Russia，but what qualifications do you have?American, since we are friend, why are you to monitor our network? Is this what you call freedom and democracy? By invented the Internet, you monitor the world's users online activities. This is really shameful!
I dont like the USA government. We Japanese should get together and fight for our independence. Weve been restricted for too many years. Our government even doesnt dare to make any reasonable decisions on their own. Everything we are fighting for are the USs charities. Is it a good thing? No, obviously not. Japan should find a way to be independent. We need to fight!
I support the Chinese government to fight back. Although like many others, I dont know the truth about the 1989 event, but I know deeply, once the America interfere other countries internal things, the bad outcomes would come. Look at our Egypt! Wars and bloods every day. How can we get back
The US should eat their shit first. Barking everyday cant help your country get rid of your crisis. Every action youre doing brings you more enemies. No wonder there are so many terrorists. The US should be responsible for the terrorist attacks among the world.
Please maintain the good order of the Second World War, and rule-making, not while preaching democracy while destroying their postwar order, which is what you as a democratic country in the world flaunt it?
Do you think the network will be able to use to defeat your enemy? Then you are wrong, the network only provides services to irrational people, the real reason people themselves will judge the truth and wrong, you can not distort history, please do not put others to look like you stupid
You are really afraid of it, to see what are the network publicity this year, ah, that the results are not, but also very confusing, can not stand the pressure, right? Personally speak out.
As an American I am ashamed for you, a little sense of responsibility are not, bad things their own country tubes, but also to find things that others countries, I beg you to find me a job!
Racial discrimination is prevalent in the field of law enforcement and justice. According to a survey carried out in 2012, at least 136 unarmed African-Americans were killed by policemen or security guards in the year (www.un.org, September 3, 2013). Unarmed black youth Jonathan Ferrell, 24, sought help after a car accident, but was shot multiple times and killed by police (New York Daily News, September 16, 2013). Black lady Diggles, 25, was handcuffed and brutally beaten by two white cops for an unpaid fine (www. dailymail.co.uk, June 4, 2013). Racially biased stops and interrogations often occur at streets. The U.S. district judge declared that at least 200,000 stops were made by New York police without reasonable suspicion (www.usatoday.com, August 18, 2013). A latest report released by the American Civil Liberties Union revealed that despite the fact that marijuana use was about the same for both black and white Americans, blacks were four times as likely as whites to be arrested for marijuana possession. One primary reason is that racial bias prevalently exists in the field of justice (www.usatoday.com, June 24, 2013). Similarly, even though data collected have shown that white women use drugs at roughly the same rate as minority women, two-thirds of women in state prisons incarcerated for drug offenses are Hispanic or black (www.humaneexposures.com, December 12, 2013).
The State Department of the United States, which posed as “the world judge of human rights,” made arbitrary attacks and irresponsible remarks on the human rights situation in almost 200 countries and regions again in its just-released Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2013. However, the U.S. carefully concealed and avoided mentioning its own human rights problems. In fact, there were still serious human rights problems in the U.S in 2013, with the situation in many fields even deteriorating.
The best president, EVER!!!
"Americans citizens so fed up with the Republicans that they are willing to vote for Tea Party members. 
The Republicans in Congress have alienated their constituents by refusing to extend EUC benefits for 3.5 million American families, including 340,000 military veterans, and allowing the Senate approved bill to expire without a House vote. John Boehner is mostly to blame, but we must hold Obama accountable as well, since he has not said peep since April, to support efforts to restore unemployment benefits to 3.5 million unemployed Americans who lost their benefits in December 2013.
They always fail to mention the 3.5 million long term unemployed people who had their EUC benefits cut off in December 2013. It's been more tan 5 months and 340,000 military veterans have gone without EUC benefits, but don't forget children are also involved!
I was a registered Republican until just last week. I decided to register as a Democrat, mainly because of John Boehner's blocking of the EUC extension bill which was approved by the Senate, but John Boehner refused to allow the House to vote on it and let it expire on May 31st. 
The EUC lifeline, which was initially extended by President Bush, when the unemployment rate was 5.8%, but EUC was cut off back in December when the unemployment rate was 6.7% and 6.3% today, still much higher than it was when President Bush extended it in 2008. 
We need jobs, but to get these jobs, we have to live and pay bills, and therefore we need this EUC lifeline renewed stat! 
Please sign this petition to ask our government to not abandon 3.5 million Americans: 
I recommend sharing this petition on social media, so that your friends and family will help reach the goal of 100,000 signatures. 
The United States has accused other countries to suppress the right to freedom of expression, when riots in Egypt and Libya, Obama and Hillary Clinton on different occasions shouting respect the rights of the people occupying the square. But when the "Occupy Wall Street" movement broke out, the United States' hypocrisy exposed, U.S. police immediately began a peaceful march against the violent repression of the people. Even at the shot this video with informative material contrast, make us appreciate what the United States double standard.
American hype 64 events this year, illustrates a problem that they use all means against China, the economy, the negotiation, exchange rates, boycott Chinese goods, etc., politics, engage in Asia "NATO" Joint Japan, Korea, Philippines India and soon. They give pressure to the East China Sea, South China Sea with the Military; find a military base for China's missile development circles. They use the media to discredit the Chinese leaders, such as Premier Wen Jiabao, Xi Jinping, family and so on, the more the minds of the Chinese people more to discredit the image of the good, let the Chinese people feel lost confidence in this country in the dark. They pull support Xinjiang mob murder, crime and so on. Now they want to suppress china with 64. Americans are endless suppressing China that indicates they are afraid of china becoming strong. 64is simply because of Americans behind instigation 
Americans are never satisfied to China ---- unless you are willing to become its toe, a second-rate country Fushoutieer; unless you senseless wanton deterioration of the international environment on which their own survival, especially with neighboring countries themselves the relationship made tense, conflicts with self-trapped loner, four by the enemy's sinister situation;
U.S. House and Senate by the political storm in 1989 that by the ten anniversary of China's so-called June Fourth human rights resolution fully explained on the grounds of human rights by the United States in an attempt to create instability in the country.
A closer look at the United States and found that he never caused domestic strife, there are signs of a strangles immediately (eg Wall Street movement, the black movement of the 1960s, and so on) to kill it, because he knew that business people need most is stability. When unrest in other countries when it seemed to him the most secure capital flows on both of his place. It reinforces the status of the dollar. In fact, several major powers such as China and Russia see this point, only the Muslim countries in the Middle East and Africa, with the United States under the banner of democracy have to move flicker.
There are too many countries in the world, and thus fall into the United States for the establishment of a political scam and set up a world empire, long time to bear the torment of social unrest. Ukraine is just the latest one. However, it is important sanctimonious about international law, or the important vital national interests, Putin did not hesitate even for a minute, on the use of armed force, deployed together to answer. In the face of apparent illegal constitution, creating social unrest behavior, have the power to use force President Viktor Yanukovych did not use force to restore social order, which makes the world could not help but think about a common-sense question: For a country words, in the end is illusory "democracy" concept is important, or the survival and development of real importance? Is rendered alien discourse system "human rights" principle is important or important social stability and national security?
the white house went total silent, on Irans Arab spring silent on Irans march for the nukes the USA needs to shut up and focus on getting some cohesive foreign strategy together. This isnt the way to do it
I think it's a little funny for the government of USA to make this statement. Whether or not the truth has been published, it is a country own business. Why white house wants to govern any things? Could you just give me an explanation?
Has the White House made this statement in accordance with its statutory procedures? Does the American laws allow the authority of the state to interfere foreign countries internal affairs? I suppose not. If the White House can break the law to attack foreign countries, who knows it wont do the same thing to its own citizens.
The White House has no reason to blame other countries for suppressing student movements. The US nation army even shoot their innocent students, have they given the world a reasonable explanation?
The Germany has charged the US government for spying on Merkel. What the White House want to say about this? The White House is really disgusting, go to hell!
The world is under the supervising of the United States. Wake up! Wake up people! Are you satisfied of being controlled by the big brother? At least I am not. I dont want to be supervised by the FBI or CIA everyday. Theyre breaking the laws, infringing the given human right written in the constitution.
And the United States has nothing to do these things, do not interfere, do not think you are the ruler of the world.
Please American whereabouts of people were killed in Japan to apologize, you are the real murderer, a total of how many people died?
Please do not swear in American democracy here, you itself is not a democratic country, we know that criticized the internal affairs of China does not need you to interfere, do not think you will be able to keep a few to eat mixed on public opinion, simply jump beam clown.
Do you think they are the leaders of the world do? You're just a president of the United States only, what makes you qualified to shoulder the world's democratic process, a hundred years of history that he is the national trend of the world do? Just very conceited
Do not think you everywhere say a few words, the American people will be able to forgive the wrong political implemented in the United States you, do you think the American people would like you every day and it concerns the internal affairs? You think you are so you can show your American democracy? Do you think this country will be able to make more dependent on you? You really do when they are world leaders?
Here's the link:    https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/take-more-aggressive-and-proactive-approach-working-congress-help-pass-new-bill-restore-euc-program/Z0lLL2tX
I am a conservative, but I do agree with helping Americans who need it, especially when they did WORK all their lives and PAID INTO THE SYSTEM.
I am also very disappointed in Obama for not speaking up to support the EUC extension since April.
John Boehner needs to go. I see Eric Cantor just got the boot, so hopefully John RINO Boehner is next to get the boot!"
"Here's a STEM idea for you that could reduce school shootings. We should microchip guns and install smart doorways which will shut down the use of the gun upon entering the building while simultaneously notifying the office and the police. We have the technology I'm sure a transition away from traditional guns can be set up or a method to upgrade traditional guns. All great ideas start with a basic concept. Hopefully someone will take this concept which is a very valuable idea and make it into something great.
Another great idea is using google glass in the military for interrogations. Human beings make micro expressions when they talk. Have a program written which could read the micro expressions. This will give the interrogators an upper hand.
#nationofmakers
#danaguidera  Author of Seven Poems from Life"
Well, it's not the woods? What's you want, auto tp?
solar roadways! yes!
Good day everybody. Am here to bring people to the higher place they wish to be by joining the great illuminati. If you are willing or interested in joining, kindly get back to us. Thanks.
Joan, thanks for the laughs! One can't buy comedy like you Republicans put out at any price!
Members of #RenewUi crafted a new petition http://wh.gov/lHzRg to ask the WhiteHouse to HELP Congress restore EUC w RETRO
LOL @ Laura! Are you guys desperate or what!!??? LOL!!!
Can't buy comedy like this at ANY price!
I'm glad he's President and you're not.
"Hey, I'm not letting that wipe my butt lol
#autoTP?"
Good day everybody. Am here to bring people to the higher place they wish to be by joining the great illuminati. If you are willing or interested in joining, kindly get back to us. Thanks.
A bunch of junk. LO!
to many fucking liberals on this site, go to hell White house scum
Repeal bigotry - (better results all around)
but they don't hire bigots, LC.  that's a much larger problem in america
Why even waste breath w the obama admin? They dont give a FK, there's more ghettos than there burbs anymore. Since when has he ever given 2 shits about the working class, UHH-NEVER.  
HERE'S A BIG FAT EFF YOU PELOSI AND A COUPLE WHERE THAT CAME FROM FOR AMERICAS TERRORIST,  HUSSEIN OBAMA
let me get this straight, God raped a 12 yr old virgin and gave his only child ( ME ) to her to be killed by roman Catholics for your sins, LMFAO....stop brainwashing the worlds children with your religious beliefs. Religion is evil. Gods r man made, and we know man is evil. Muurica is not a Christian nation, all religions have the same rights and freedoms.There are literally thousands of religions being practiced today. 
 If you believe in God, you have chosen to reject Allah, Vishnu, Budda, Waheguru and all of the thousands of other gods that other people worship today. It is quite likely that you rejected these other gods without ever looking into their religions or reading their books. You simply absorbed the dominant faith in your home or in the society you grew up in. 
 In the same way, the followers of all these other religions have chosen to reject God. You think their gods are imaginary, and they think your God is imaginary. 
Going on a month without income because of the Unemployment extension stalled! What are we supposed to tell our creditors? Sorry, come take our house?  I have had 2 interviews within the last 6 months.  This economic situation sucks!